X-el Gabriel Pedrezuela
Lucena City, Quezon
(+63) 926-615-7459
146glex@gmail.com


18th August 2022


Sandman Software Recruiting Team
Sandman Software Systems


Dear Sandman Software Recruiting Team,
Everyone tells me that being a student and inexperienced prevents me from
being part of software and engineering firms regardless of my passion and
skills. However, even at age 14, I developed an interest in programming and
started learning to make some simple pokemon like text games with Java.
Through those years, I gradually pursued learning different programming
languages and other basic programming concepts like OOP, Data Structures,
IDE, etc., without any hassles on my own.

I have always wondered and wished how to have people around me with the
same interest in learning and exploring programming. With Sandman Software
Systems, it has become a clear opportunity for me to take this chance and try
to apply for my first-ever junior software developer internship.

As I pursued my passion for programming, I became a research representative
for our school, researching the use of computer vision interaction automation
in python to control Windows operating system contactless. I also loved math
in junior high school until today, joining MTAP math and winning twice a row.

Thank you for your time. My personal experiences with my passion for
software engineering would make me an asset as a junior software developer
Intern. I can be emailed (146glex@gmail.com) or called (0926-615-7459) at your
convenience.

Sincerely,





X-el Gabriel Pedrezuela







X-el Gabriel Pedrezuela
Lucena City, Quezon
(+63) 926-615-7459
146glex@gmail.com


18th August 2022


‍Dashlabs.ai Recruiting Team
Dashboard Labs Corporation


Dear ‍Dashlabs.ai Recruiting Team,

Everyone tells me that being a student and inexperienced prevents me from being part of software and engineering firms regardless of my passion and skills. However, even at age 14, I developed an interest in programming and started learning to make some simple pokemon like text games with Java. Through those years, I gradually pursued learning different programming languages and other basic programming concepts like OOP, Data Structures, IDE, etc., without any hassles on my own.

I have always wondered and wished how to have people around me with the same interest in learning and exploring programming. With ‍Dashlabs.ai, it has become a clear opportunity for me to take this chance and try to apply for my first-ever internship.

As I pursued my passion for programming, I became a research representative for our school, researching the use of computer vision interaction automation in Python to control Windows operating system contactless. I also loved mathematics in high school until today, joining MTAP math and winning twice a row.

Thank you for your time. My personal experiences with my passion for software engineering would make me an asset as an intern. I can be emailed (146glex@gmail.com) or called (0926-615-7459) at your convenience.

Sincerely,





X-el Gabriel Pedrezuela




As a software engineer intern, I am responsible for contributing to software design and development through coding and debugging software applications.


